He is the Panax notoginseng guard of the Southern Province Guards Academy
Storage wind is gone
How did they move my file?
What Du Qianxiong?
Your horse is in awe
Okay, take awe with you.
You want to get us killed?
Do you want to kill Mr. Seven?
Lin Shengqiang, we have had a fight
But you look at him this way
Scared me to death
Brother Tang, you have been around for so many years
Why are you so naive?
Sold and counting money for others
Isn't it, Asan?
Why do you say I am in awe?
Why hum
You have to say, kid, it's really deep enough
There are only a few words on the file that can't be talked about
Ah, but do you know where this file came from?
Boys Gold Cup
Are you familiar?
Trouble went in my old money took me ripe bug
Unfamiliar
But there is someone who knows you very well.
Everyone, his fiancée Long Xiaoyun
It is the commander of the male god
I already saw that the boy is a ghost
I didn't expect it to be an undercover agent sent by the position
Mr. Ji has always been tolerant of this position
Let's see how he quibbles this time
Mr. Ji, Long Xiaoyun is indeed my fiancée
But after I went to prison, we were separated for three years.
After I got out of prison, I went to Crouching Tiger Villa with Boss Guo
Um, please, you want to fuck me?
But you figure it out
It seems that you don't cry when you see the coffin
Bring someone up to me
With Dragon Shaoyun
Cangfeng Shaoyun